privacypolicy.md, before:

# Privacy Policy of Greenify app

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

**What information do we collect from the people that use our app?**

We do not collect personal information from users, but we do collect anonymized behavior information about users and internal app data, to improve our products and customer service.

**Third-party disclosure**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. 

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)**

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.

**CAN SPAM Act**

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

**Contacting Us**

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

privacy.app@public.oasisfeng.com

Commit message:

Update privacy policy
 with "How do we use the sensitive permissions in your app?"

privacypolicy.md, after:

# Privacy Policy of Greenify app

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

**How do we use the sensitive permissions in your app?**

DEVICE-ADMIN: Greenify requests this permission only for turning-off the screen of your device. (including but not limited to "hibernation shortcut" and "automatic hibernation")

DRAW OVER OTHER APP: To dim the screen and show hints during unattended automatic hibernation.
GET ACCOUNTS & WRITE SYNC SETTINGS: Control the account sync of apps if its sync task is too frequent.
DISABLE YOUR SCREEN LOCK: For automatic hibernation to work on non-root devices.
BIND ACCESSIBILITY SERVICE: To automate the manual procedure of hibernation. We never collect any private data from accessibility service.

**What information do we collect from the people that use our app?**

We do not collect personal information from users, but we do collect anonymized behavior information about users and internal app data, to improve our products and customer service.

**Third-party disclosure**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. 

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)**

When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.

We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.

**CAN SPAM Act**

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

**Contacting Us**

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

privacy.app@public.oasisfeng.com
